Step 1: Get the Code

  To begin this assignment, connect via ssh to the sunlab.cse.lehigh.edu
  host, using your Lehigh CSE Department account.  Then type the following to
  get started:

	cd ~/
	tar -xzvf /home/palmieri/cse303-S18-asgn1.tar.gz
	chmod 700 cse303-S18-asgn1

  This will create a folder called "cse303-S18-asgn1" to hold your code, and will
  also set your permissions such that only you can access the folder
  containing your code. For this assignment, you should use sunlab.

Step 2: Change your Compiler

  You will need to use a newer compiler than the default one on the sunlab
  machines. The current compiler is gcc 4.4.7.
  The assignment contains C++11 features, which won't compile with GCC version 4.4.7.
  In order to switch gcc compiler, you have to load one of the modules already installed
  for gcc:
    execute: 'gcc --version' --> you should see "gcc (GCC) 4.4.7 20120313 (Red Hat 4.4.7-18)";
    execute: 'which gcc' --> you should see "/usr/bin/gcc";
    execute: 'module avail' --> you should be able to see different version of the gcc
    compiler. You application will require at least gcc-5.4.0.
    In order to load that module
    execute: 'module load gcc-5.4.0'
    execute: 'which gcc' --> you should see "/opt/gcc-5.4.0/bin/gcc";
    execute: 'gcc --version' --> you should see "gcc (GCC) 5.4.0";

  Now you can compile your application. A Makefile has been provided. Given the freedom left
  to each of you in implementing your solution, feel free to modify the included Makefile to
  include your features.
  You must change the version of your compiler every time you start a new terminal window.
  Note that not all the distributed source files initially compile.

Step 3: Code -> Debug -> Code
  All the files in the 'src' folder contain a specification of how they are expected
  to be coded. Each student is expected to understand how these source files relate
  with each other. You might find directions not so strict. This has been done
  intentionally to give students freedom to design their own solutions. Don't be
  afraid to explore.

Submission Instructions:

  To turn in your solution use course site. You have unlimited submissions until
  the deadline. Only the last uploaded version counts.

Face-to-Face Meeting:

  I will review your solution during a one-on-one meeting with you.  It will also
  provide a chance to ask questions about the design choice you made. If the solution
  satisfies the given specification, a maximum of 10 extra points will be given.

Due Date:

  This assignment is due at 11:59 PM on Monday February 19th.


